Haven't slept yet?
I told you I'm not good.
I should doubt you.
What time do you want to do?
I know that sleeping with someone is the emotional bottom line.
You should not speak to yourself because you are angry.
I'm afraid of this grass.
Where should I go to award the grass?
This is me, this is mine.
be mine.
I lost sight of them.
But I just warned him not to bully you again.
Nothing to eat.
I believe in you until everything you do is correct
I don’t believe you are regretting being hurt
you are my wife
Of course I want to protect you
I can't let anyone bully me
Don't keep me anymore
Save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save.
Save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save, save
I don’t want to take you to cut one
You'll know if you don't cut it anymore
Then immediately